hello everyone welcome to lucas story
recaps channel
today i will introduce to you a hot
movie that is squid game
let's get started
as a child in gihan's village the
leading actor of the film there was a
game called squid game where the players
were divided into two teams one
defending and the other attacking
if the attacking team is stepped on the
line or pushed out they will lose
whereas if they get a position in the
circle they will win
gihon is a hyperactive and intelligent
boy so he is always the winner
but the game is not like life many years
later gihon lived like a failure his
wife left he lost custody of his
children no stable job drinking gambling
and debt
gihon lives with his elderly mother she
also has to give him money to buy
birthday gifts for his daughter
but he was so bad that he stole his
mother's credit card
he immediately ran to the atm and
entered the password as his birthday but
found that his mother had changed the
password
he immediately entered his mother's date
of birth
but he couldn't remember his mother's
birthday
in the end he entered his daughter's
birthday and was able to withdraw the
money
he took all the money to bed on horse
racing
after many losses he decided to bet the
rest of the money on the horse with the
same number as his daughter's birthday
and in the end his daughter once again
brought him luck
this time gihon won
he also generously tipped the employee
10 000 won
he happily called his daughter to say
that he would organize a very grand
birthday party for her
but while gihan was talking to his
daughter he saw his creditor
he ran away as fast as he could to
escape his creditors
while he was running away he
accidentally collided with a girl
then he was still caught by his creditor
he was beaten by his creditors
in order not to be beaten again he
decided to give the money he had just
one to pay the debt
but unexpectedly he lost all the money
because the girl who collided with him
was a professional pickpocket
in the end he was forced to sign an
agreement to sell the kidney to pay the
debt
since he didn't have any money left he
decided to go back to the cashier to ask
for his 10 000 1 tip back to go play
claw crane to get a birthday present for
his daughter
but unlucky for him when he couldn't
pick up a single stuffed animal
a boy nearby helped him pick out a gift
box he happily hugged the boy and
thanked him enthusiastically
then he brought the gift to his daughter
the little girl felt very happy when her
father took her out to play and eat
gehan gives it to his daughter but
unexpectedly it is a lighter in the
shape of a gun
because he was afraid that his ex-wife
would scold him he decided to take the
gift back and promise to give his
daughter a beautiful gift next year
now she was about to say something but
stopped herself
after eating he carried his daughter
back to his ex-wife's house
he then planned to take the [ __ ] to
return but he was unlucky to not be able
to catch the tram
he was very sad and sat down to wait
then he met an elegant young man
the elegant young man talked to him but
gehan didn't pay much attention
the young man immediately opened the
suitcase inside there was a lot of money
and two stacks of blue and red paper
the young man suggested gehan to play
the game dda kji the throwing player
tries to throw his tile so that it makes
the other players tile flip over will
win and will receive 100 000 won
gihan agreed to play
but he was unlucky when he lost all the
time
because there was no money to pay gehan
had to bet with his face every time he
lost he was slapped
he was slapped so many times that his
face and nostrils were also bleeding
in the end gehan also won a game and
received 100 000 won
the young man suggested gihon play a
bigger game so he could earn more money
but he refused
surprised the young man got up and read
gehan's resume loudly and then gave him
a business card and left
gihon can't understand what's going on
but he's glad he has money again
he went back to buy some food at a
neighbor's store
this woman has a very good son and he is
the pride of this neighborhood
on the way home he showed his love for
animals when he gave a hungry feral cat
a piece of fish
when he got home he cooked his mother a
hearty meal and even gave her money
when his mother saw the money she was
very worried afraid that her son would
steal the money
then she told him the sad news that his
daughter was going to america with his
ex-wife
that was exactly what his daughter
wanted to tell him but she didn't
she told him that if he could prove that
he was financially capable he would have
the right to raise children
he was very sad and could only keep
quiet
at night he took out his phone and
looked at his daughter's pictures
he couldn't bear to leave her so he
contacted the phone number on the
business card the young man gave him
after a while a car came to pick him up
the driver was dressed very strangely
the people who got into the car were all
unconscious from the anesthetic
so was gihon
when he woke up he found himself wearing
a uniform with the number 456
in a strange room there were many other
people just like him
he immediately started a conversation
with an old man with the number 001 he
had a brain tumor so he decided to come
here
he discovered this room had 456 people
that old man was the first and he was
the last to come here
at this time he saw the crowd gathered
out of curiosity he also came to see
this time a man was beating a girl
this girl is sai biak who is the one who
stole gehan's money
he got angry and grabbed her and
demanded her money back
at that moment he was kicked by the
gangster named dioxu and fell to the
ground
he angrily denounced the two of them
suddenly the door opened and a group of
people dressed in pink stepped out one
of them tells everyone about the rules
of the game
in six days everyone will participate in
six games whoever wins all six games
will get a huge prize
one person asked why they had to
confiscate all their wallets phones and
drugged them
he immediately replied that because of
the security of the game everything must
be kept secret
at this point gehan asks how much is the
prize
on the ceiling a glass pig was
immediately lowered
after each game the money will be
accumulated in it with the attraction of
money people immediately lined up and
signed up to agree to play the game
rules of the game have three things the
first is not to stop playing the second
is to voluntarily stop playing is
considered disqualified the third is the
game only stops when the majority of
players choose to stop
next everyone went to take pictures
gehan showed a very bright smile
a man in black received the order and
allowed the first game to be started now
all players from the three doors go out
into a large area
at this time at the base of the tree
there is a giant baby girl doll next to
it are two guards
the doll started talking about the rules
of the game for everyone
this game is called red light green
light
when it turns around and shouts the red
light the green light everyone can run
when it turns its head whoever it
detects moving will be eliminated from
the game
everyone has five minutes to reach the
finish line and win the game
the game had just started when a guy ran
as fast as he could
but the doll turned its head suddenly so
he couldn't keep his balance the doll
said he was eliminated
then a bullet hit him and he fell to the
ground
his friend thought it was a joke and ran
to see and found that his friend had
been shot and killed
he panicked and ran away but as a result
he suffered the same fate as his friend
people panicked and ran away so a
terrible massacre took place
in the blink of an eye more than half of
the players died
gehan looked around all over dead bodies
he was so scared that he was shaking his
leg also had a corpse pressing on it
miss old illness was very calm and
played as if he had returned to his
childhood days
gihan was sitting there not moving at
all
at this moment sang woo in the back told
him to follow the rules of the game
trying to hide behind other people's
backs would not be detected
hearing these words he immediately stood
up and continued playing
but very quickly the person in front of
gehan was shot down
before he could regain his composure he
was grabbed by someone behind him
the man was shot in the foot and called
for help
but for his life gihan had to ignore it
after a while a lot of people ran to the
finish line
now gihon is trying to run to the finish
line
unfortunately he tripped on a dead man's
arm and at this moment the doll turned
its head
luckily for him a player named ali was
quick to hold him he narrowly escaped
death
after that two people ran as fast as
possible over the finish line when time
was running out
the rest of the people who didn't cross
the finish line were all shot dead
the first game also ended here
all corpses were cremated even the
wounded were stuffed in coffins and
crucified
the survivors returned to their rooms
but did not dare to sleep and huddle
together
at this moment a group of people wearing
pink robes entered
they said there were only 201 players
left
everyone was afraid to kneel down and
beg to stop the game and go home
he then said the second rule of the game
if you give up the game you will be
eliminated
immediately stood up and said there was
a third rule that everyone vote to
decide whether to continue or stop
playing
the game staff member immediately agreed
but first announce the bounty to
everyone
immediately each pile of money was
dropped on the glass pig totaling up to
25 billion won
if everyone gives up the entire amount
will be returned and divided among the
families who have died in the game
if you pass all six games the prize
money will be more than 45 billion won
people start voting the green button is
to continue playing the red button is to
stop the game
gihon was the first to vote and he
decided to choose the red button to stop
because of the huge amount of money many
people choose the green button to
continue playing
people began to clash of opinions and
then started arguing
game staff must use guns to maintain
order after a while the votes of both
sides were equal
this old man ilnam was the last to vote
and after hesitating for a long time he
finally chose to stop
the game staff name says the game will
restart if everyone changes their mind
then they sent everyone back
gihan and sybia were left at the side of
the road with their hands tied and
blindfolded
he helped her untie her
when she put her clothes back on sai
biak left
gihon has to promise not to ask for the
money she stole from him before she
untied him
sang-woo was left with ali
the two went to a shop to eat noodles
ali has no money because his boss hasn't
paid him for months so sang woo invites
him to eat
after eating sangwoo gave ali the car
money to go home making ali constantly
thank him gihan after returning home
went to the police station and told
everything that happened on the island
but all the policemen here don't believe
him like he has a mental illness
he angrily threw the card on the table
to show the police the result was that
he was kicked out of the police station
he immediately returned home but his
mother was nowhere to be found
he couldn't even call his mother
sang woo standing from afar saw his
mother but did not dare to meet him
he owed 6 billion one and even mortgaged
his mother's house and shop
at this time gihan receives a phone call
from the hospital
the doctor said that his mother has
diabetes because of hiding she had
serious complications and may have to
have her leg amputated
but as soon as she regained
consciousness she immediately left the
hospital because they did not have the
money to pay the hospital bills
even her savings card was taken out by
gihon and spent all on gambling
he deeply regrets his incompetence
this is jun ho a young policeman who is
on his way to find his brother who has
been missing for more than a week he saw
the card again which looked like gehan
left at the police station in the
morning and decided to go look for gihon
sai biayyat goes to the orphanage to
visit her brother
the boy told his sister that he really
wanted to see his parents and wanted to
leave
she immediately went to a broker but he
said it would take a lot of money to
save her parents from north korea
she angrily threw the pot of hot tea in
his face and held the knife to his neck
and said she would bring the money and
give it to him
if he tricked her she would kill him
at this time ali returned to the company
and asked the director to pay his salary
the director did not pay and assaulted
him
the two got into a fight causing the
director's hand to get caught in the
crusher
ali took the opportunity to snatch the
coins and leave
in another development the police went
to sang wu's mother's shop and read
sangwoo's arrest warrant to her
sang woo hid in the bathtub and drank
alcohol
when the doorbell rings a card of the
game organization is inserted in the
door
it has the time and place of the game on
it
gee hunt looked to his friends to borrow
money but his friend was afraid of his
wife so he couldn't help guihon
disappointed he found a grocery store
drinking
there he met the old man ill nam
visiting relatives
so the two of them sat drinking and
talking to each other
the old man ill nam said he would return
to that game instead of waiting to die
in sickness and poverty
the delinquent dioxu after receiving the
card from the game planned with his
juniors to control the game staff when
they came to pick them up to break into
the organization and steal the money
safe
but unexpectedly he was betrayed by his
juniors
the junior called his creditor
then the junior was stabbed to death
with a knife and then he jumped into the
river to escape
gee hunt looked to his ex-wife to borrow
money but she also lived on her new
husband's money so there was no money to
lend him
the two talked for a while then
quarreled again at this time her new
husband returned and gihon left confused
after hearing from his wife the new
husband chased after gihon
he gives gihon money and asks not to
bother his family anymore
gehan got very angry and punched her new
husband in the face
gihon returned home depressed met
policeman jon ho again
he wanted gihon to help him find his
brother but gihan refused he turned his
head to leave the house and saw the card
was attached to the door he decided to
pick it up
finally the familiar scene played out
again the miserable people took the
deadly train once again
police officer john ho also chased after
him
junhoe chases after him to a harbor when
he sees many cars in a row running onto
a large ship
he quickly clung to the last car to
board the ship
when the ship went to the middle of the
sea the staff went to check the number
of players
when it came to junhoe the device did
not display the player's information
he immediately grabbed the employee and
killed him
then he quickly put on the employee's
clothes and pretended to be him
the ship docked on the island the staff
pushed everyone inside and searched them
changed their clothes and put away all
their identification
sybia wisely managed to hide a knife
that she carried with her
the total number of people who returned
to the game was 187 people
everyone already knew each other so they
suggested forming a group to support
each other
at meal time gee hun's group gathers to
discuss what the next game is
the old man suggested it could be folk
games
this girl is mi naio she is screaming
because she is not allowed to go to the
toilet
the staff finally let her go and sybia
begged to go with her
minion is reaching into her pants and
pulling out a cigarette case
she was smoking when suddenly sybia came
in
sybia used her knife to open the
ventilation door and was helped by me
nyo
sai bia crawled in the ventilation duct
to explore this place
sai biak saw the staff put a lot of
sugar in the pot of water it looked like
they were cooking something me nayo is
consuming time for sai biayyakir when
the game staff decides to rush into
check
fortunately sai biak returned in time
the next day everyone received breakfast
sang woo because he heard sai b rayok's
conversation last night seeing that she
didn't eat bread he didn't eat it but
gave it to ali
after a while the speaker announced the
second game was starting
on the way to the playground sang woo
asked sai biak what did he see last
night
he said if she told him he could guess
what game they were about to play
everyone was led into a room like a
children's park
the front has four stickers star
triangle circle umbrella
players choose a shape and line up in
that shape
sang woo based on sai biaocs information
guessed that this was sugar honeycombs
game
he knew but didn't tell his teammates
he chose the triangle to make it easiest
to separate
then ask everyone in the group to choose
the remaining pictures
the ignorant kihan chose the most
difficult image to separate
that's the umbrella
everyone takes turns taking on the
challenge of the game
after receiving the candy box gihon
thought his life was over
everyone has 10 minutes to complete the
game
ali broke the outer edge of the circle
little by little
old man ill name used his saliva to
separate the candy
gihan raised his butt and trembled as he
separated the candy
not long after a person who accidentally
broke a shape in a candy box was shot in
the head with a single shot
after that many people also failed and
were shot dead
mi naio is very smart she hid in a
corner and heated the needle with a
lighter to easily separate the candy
next there are many people who have
completed the game
at this moment gehan is still engrossed
in pulling scissors
sweat dripped down the candy non-stop
but thanks to that he realized that if
there was water the candy would be
easier to separate
so gehan kept licking the back of the
candy block he stuck out his tongue and
licked the candy non-stop
everyone who saw his action immediately
followed suit
he managed to separate the umbrella from
the candy in the last seconds
he was both happy and scared to tears
the remaining people who have not
finished separating already know their
end
one player stood up and grabbed the
game's staff's gun and threatened the
rest of the staff
then he forced the game staff to remove
the mask seeing it was a young man he
immediately committed suicide
at this point the game staff shot dead
all the unfinished players which was a
terrifying sight
the game staff who revealed his face
just now was also shot and killed by the
leader of the staff
this is the end of episodes one two
three of the series squid game thank you
very much for watching
please like and subscribe to the channel
to watch episodes 5 6 7
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie